Once upon a time lived a man named Urg. Urg was the only one in his village who knew how to take care of crops. Without Urg, the entire village would perish. Why, then, had he never taught someone else how to care for the crops? Surely others must have asked him to teach them before... but that was not the case. Urg was actually very frightening and no man would ever consider conversing with him.
However, Urg was a very lonely man who only wished that others would come to know him. Little did he know that his luck was about to change for the better.
One day, a traveler named Olga wandered into the village. She had been traveling
for many months and had depleted her stock of food and water a week ago. 
Her emaciated face looked with desperation at the village's bountiful
crops. "Please, could I have some food?" she would ask to any passing farmer.
However, she was quickly dismissed by everyone she approached. For a moment,
she truly felt she was about to meet her end, when a shadow quickly approached
her. It was Urg, holding an apple. He kneeled down to Olga and extended his
hand out to her. "You look like you need something to eat," he told Olga.
With tears in her eyes, Olga grasped the apples with both hands and began 
biting the apple, almost more quickly than she could chew. Urg looked down
and smiled, happy that he had helped another person in need, but also hoping
that he had made his first friend.  
That day marked the beginning of something grand. Five years later Urg and Olga announced to the village that were expecting a baby! Ever since the day Olga came limping into town, Urg's reputation had drastically changed. The other villagers realized he wasn't some crazed hermit. He was just a little shy and misunderstood. He was always open to teaching others to tend to crops or to share the secrets of his tastey vegetables, and that was exactly what he did. He started holding classes in the town hall for anyone interested in helping him out or taking on the challenge of managing their own garden. Before long, the town as flourishing with ripe fruits and vegetables more plentiful than ever imagined. The villagers had never been so happy, and neither had Urg.
